1. As a user I want to see auctions as a list
GIVEN I have my web browser open
WHEN I enter the home page
THEN auction objects are displayed

2. As a user I want to view details about an auction
GIVEN I am on the home page
WHEN I select an auction
THEN redirect to the details page
AND details about the auction are displayed

3. As a user I want to search for a specific product
GIVEN I am on the website
WHEN I enter a search term in the search bar
THEN the products resulting from that search are displayed

4. As a user I want to be able to see the current bid of auction objects
GIVEN I have my web browser open
WHEN I enter the home page
THEN auction object's current bid is displayed

5. As a user I want to be able to see the current bid of an auctioned object
GIVEN I am on the home page
WHEN I select an auction
THEN redirect to the details page
AND show the current bid for the auction

6. As a user I want to be able to register an account
GIVEN I am on the website
WHEN I click on the sign in button
THEN prompt to enter user credentials
AND ask for username
AND ask for the password
AND ask for an email
WHEN the user enters the required information
THEN create account

7. As a user I want to log into my account.
GIVEN I have an account
WHEN I click on the login button
THEN ask for username and password
WHEN I enter the username and password
AND I click on the login
THEN validate the login

8. As a user I want to be able to place bids on auction objects
GIVEN I am the details page
WHEN I enter an amount
AND click the "place bid" button
THEN check if the bid is higher than the current highest bid
AND update the highest bid

9. As a user I want to be able to create new auctions
GIVEN I am logged in as a user
AND I am on the home page
WHEN I click on the "create auction" button
THEN present a form to enter auction information
AND I fill in the information about the auction
WHEN I click confirm
THEN the auction is created

10. As a user I shall not be able to place bids on my auctions
GIVEN I created the auction
WHEN I try to place a bid on the auction
THEN reject the bid

11. As a user I want an auction to contain at least a title, description, start time, end time, and images

12. As a user I want to set a starting price for my auctions
GIVEN I create an auction
AND I want to set a starting price
WHEN I enter a starting price
THEN set the starting price

13. As a user I want to set a reservation price for my auction
GIVEN I create an auction
AND I want to set a reservation price
WHEN I enter a reservation price
THEN set the reservation price
AND make sure it is hidden from other users
